Ff126 Selection.direction and Selection.getComposedRange (#33223)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/selection/getrangeat/index.md

{{ ApiRef("DOM") }}

The **`getRangeAt()`** method of the {{domxref("Selection")}} interface returns a range object representing a currently selected range.

> If the endpoints of the selected range are within a {{glossary("shadow tree")}} then JavaScript does not have visibility of the shadow nodes, and the method should rescope the range to include the host element that contains the end point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the endpoints of the selected range are within a {{glossary("shadow tree")}} then JavaScript does not have visibility of the shadow nodes, and the method should re-scope the range to include the host element that contains the end point.
```

> In practice most browsers do not yet implement this behaviour and the returned range is unpredictable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In practice most browsers do not yet implement this behavior, and the returned range is unpredictable.
```

> > **Note:** When selecting within nodes that might contain a shadow root, you can use {{domxref("Selection.getComposedRanges()")}} (if supported) to get a selection range inside a shadow tree, or to reliably rescope the selection to the host node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** When selecting within nodes that might contain a shadow root, you can use {{domxref("Selection.getComposedRanges()")}} (if supported) to get a selection range inside a shadow tree, or to reliably re-scope the selection to the host node.
```
